рдЕрдпрд┐ рджреЗрд╡ рдкреБрд░рд╛ рдХрд┐рд▓ рддреНрд╡рдпрд┐ рд╕реНрд╡рдпрдореБрддреНрддрд╛рдирд╢рдпреЗ рд╕реНрддрдирдиреНрдзрдпреЗ ред
рдкрд░рд┐рдЬреГрдореНрднрдгрддреЛ рд╡реНрдпрдкрд╛рд╡реГрддреЗ рд╡рджрдиреЗ рд╡рд┐рд╢реНрд╡рдордЪрд╖реНрдЯ рд╡рд▓реНрд▓рд╡реА реерезрее
р┤Ер┤пр┤┐ р┤жр╡Зр┤╡ р┤кр╡Бр┤░р┤╛ р┤Хр┤┐р┤▓ р┤др╡Нр┤╡р┤пр┤┐ р┤╕р╡Нр┤╡р┤пр┤ор╡Бр┤др╡Нр┤др┤╛р┤ир┤╢р┤пр╡З р┤╕р╡Нр┤др┤ир┤ир╡Нр┤зр┤пр╡З .
р┤кр┤░р┤┐р┤Ьр╡Гр┤Вр┤нр┤гр┤др╡Л р┤╡р╡Нр┤пр┤кр┤╛р┤╡р╡Гр┤др╡З р┤╡р┤жр┤ир╡З р┤╡р┤┐р┤╢р╡Нр┤╡р┤ор┤Ър┤╖р╡Нр┤Я р┤╡р┤▓р╡Нр┤▓р┤╡р╡А ..1..
ЁЯТм [Translation failed: not enough values to unpack (expected 3, got 2)]
рдкреБрдирд░рдкреНрдпрде рдмрд╛рд▓рдХреИ: рд╕рдордВ рддреНрд╡рдпрд┐ рд▓реАрд▓рд╛рдирд┐рд░рддреЗ рдЬрдЧрддреНрдкрддреЗ ред
рдлрд▓рд╕рдЮреНрдЪрдпрд╡рдЮреНрдЪрдирдХреНрд░реБрдзрд╛ рддрд╡ рдореГрджреНрднреЛрдЬрдирдореВрдЪреБрд░рд░реНрднрдХрд╛: реереирее
р┤кр╡Бр┤ир┤░р┤кр╡Нр┤пр┤е р┤мр┤╛р┤▓р┤Хр╡И: р┤╕р┤ор┤В р┤др╡Нр┤╡р┤пр┤┐ р┤▓р╡Ар┤▓р┤╛р┤ир┤┐р┤░р┤др╡З р┤Ьр┤Чр┤др╡Нр┤кр┤др╡З .
р┤лр┤▓р┤╕р┤Юр╡Нр┤Ър┤пр┤╡р┤Юр╡Нр┤Ър┤ир┤Хр╡Нр┤░р╡Бр┤зр┤╛ р┤др┤╡ р┤ор╡Гр┤жр╡Нр┤нр╡Лр┤Ьр┤ир┤ор╡Вр┤Ър╡Бр┤░р╡╝р┤нр┤Хр┤╛: ..2..
ЁЯТм [Translation failed: Invalid source language tag: O]
рдЕрдпрд┐ рддреЗ рдкреНрд░рд▓рдпрд╛рд╡рдзреМ рд╡рд┐рднреЛ рдХреНрд╖рд┐рддрд┐рддреЛрдпрд╛рджрд┐рд╕рдорд╕реНрддрднрдХреНрд╖рд┐рдг: ред
рдореГрджреБрдкрд╛рд╢рдирддреЛ рд░реБрдЬрд╛ рднрд╡реЗрджрд┐рддрд┐ рднреАрддрд╛ рдЬрдирдиреА рдЪреБрдХреЛрдк рд╕рд╛ реерейрее
р┤Ер┤пр┤┐ р┤др╡З р┤кр╡Нр┤░р┤▓р┤пр┤╛р┤╡р┤зр╡Ч р┤╡р┤┐р┤нр╡Л р┤Хр╡Нр┤╖р┤┐р┤др┤┐р┤др╡Лр┤пр┤╛р┤жр┤┐р┤╕р┤ор┤╕р╡Нр┤др┤нр┤Хр╡Нр┤╖р┤┐р┤г: .
р┤ор╡Гр┤жр╡Бр┤кр┤╛р┤╢р┤ир┤др╡Л р┤░р╡Бр┤Ьр┤╛ р┤нр┤╡р╡Зр┤жр┤┐р┤др┤┐ р┤нр╡Ар┤др┤╛ р┤Ьр┤ир┤ир╡А р┤Ър╡Бр┤Хр╡Лр┤к р┤╕р┤╛ ..3..
ЁЯТм [Translation failed: not enough values to unpack (expected 3, got 2)]
рдЕрдпрд┐ рджреБрд░реНрд╡рд┐рдирдпрд╛рддреНрдордХ рддреНрд╡рдпрд╛ рдХрд┐рдореБ рдореГрддреНрд╕рд╛ рдмрдд рд╡рддреНрд╕ рднрдХреНрд╖рд┐рддрд╛ ред
рдЗрддрд┐ рдорд╛рддреГрдЧрд┐рд░рдВ рдЪрд┐рд░рдВ рд╡рд┐рднреЛ рд╡рд┐рддрдерд╛рдВ рддреНрд╡рдВ рдкреНрд░рддрд┐рдЬрдЬреНрдЮрд┐рд╖реЗ рд╣рд╕рдиреН реерекрее
р┤Ер┤пр┤┐ р┤жр╡Бр╡╝р┤╡р┤┐р┤ир┤пр┤╛р┤др╡Нр┤ор┤Х р┤др╡Нр┤╡р┤пр┤╛ р┤Хр┤┐р┤ор╡Б р┤ор╡Гр┤др╡Нр┤╕р┤╛ р┤мр┤д р┤╡р┤др╡Нр┤╕ р┤нр┤Хр╡Нр┤╖р┤┐р┤др┤╛ .
р┤Зр┤др┤┐ р┤ор┤╛р┤др╡Гр┤Чр┤┐р┤░р┤В р┤Ър┤┐р┤░р┤В р┤╡р┤┐р┤нр╡Л р┤╡р┤┐р┤др┤ер┤╛р┤В р┤др╡Нр┤╡р┤В р┤кр╡Нр┤░р┤др┤┐р┤Ьр┤Ьр╡Нр┤Юр┤┐р┤╖р╡З р┤╣р┤╕р╡╗ ..4..
ЁЯТм [Translation failed: Invalid source language tag: O]
рдЕрдпрд┐ рддреЗ рд╕рдХрд▓реИрд░реНрд╡рд┐рдирд┐рд╢реНрдЪрд┐рддреЗ рд╡рд┐рдорддрд┐рд╢реНрдЪреЗрджреНрд╡рджрдирдВ рд╡рд┐рджрд╛рд░реНрдпрддрд╛рдореН ред
рдЗрддрд┐ рдорд╛рддреГрд╡рд┐рднрд░реНрддреНрд╕рд┐рддреЛ рдореБрдЦрдВ рд╡рд┐рдХрд╕рддреНрдкрджреНрдордирд┐рднрдВ рд╡реНрдпрджрд╛рд░рдп: реерелрее
р┤Ер┤пр┤┐ р┤др╡З р┤╕р┤Хр┤▓р╡Ир╡╝р┤╡р┤┐р┤ир┤┐р┤╢р╡Нр┤Ър┤┐р┤др╡З р┤╡р┤┐р┤ор┤др┤┐р┤╢р╡Нр┤Ър╡Зр┤жр╡Нр┤╡р┤жр┤ир┤В р┤╡р┤┐р┤жр┤╛р┤░р╡Нр┤пр┤др┤╛р┤В .
р┤Зр┤др┤┐ р┤ор┤╛р┤др╡Гр┤╡р┤┐р┤нр╡╝р┤др╡Нр┤╕р┤┐р┤др╡Л р┤ор╡Бр┤Цр┤В р┤╡р┤┐р┤Хр┤╕р┤др╡Нр┤кр┤жр╡Нр┤ор┤ир┤┐р┤нр┤В р┤╡р╡Нр┤пр┤жр┤╛р┤░р┤п: ..5..
ЁЯТм [Translation failed: not enough values to unpack (expected 3, got 2)]
рдЕрдкрд┐ рдореГрд▓реНрд▓рд╡рджрд░реНрд╢рдиреЛрддреНрд╕реБрдХрд╛рдВ рдЬрдирдиреАрдВ рддрд╛рдВ рдмрд╣реБ рддрд░реНрдкрдпрдиреНрдирд┐рд╡ ред
рдкреГрдерд┐рд╡реАрдВ рдирд┐рдЦрд┐рд▓рд╛рдВ рди рдХреЗрд╡рд▓рдВ рднреБрд╡рдирд╛рдиреНрдпрдкреНрдпрдЦрд┐рд▓рд╛рдиреНрдпрджреАрджреГрд╢: рееремрее
р┤Ер┤кр┤┐ р┤ор╡Гр┤▓р╡Нр┤▓р┤╡р┤жр╡╝р┤╢р┤ир╡Лр┤др╡Нр┤╕р╡Бр┤Хр┤╛р┤В р┤Ьр┤ир┤ир╡Ар┤В р┤др┤╛р┤В р┤мр┤╣р╡Б р┤др╡╝р┤кр┤пр┤ир╡Нр┤ир┤┐р┤╡ .
р┤кр╡Гр┤ер┤┐р┤╡р╡Ар┤В р┤ир┤┐р┤Цр┤┐р┤▓р┤╛р┤В р┤и р┤Хр╡Зр┤╡р┤▓р┤В р┤нр╡Бр┤╡р┤ир┤╛р┤ир╡Нр┤пр┤кр╡Нр┤пр┤Цр┤┐р┤▓р┤╛р┤ир╡Нр┤пр┤жр╡Ар┤жр╡Гр┤╢: ..6..
ЁЯТм [Translation failed: Invalid source language tag: Thy]
рдХреБрд╣рдЪрд┐рджреНрд╡рдирдордореНрдмреБрдзрд┐: рдХреНрд╡рдЪрд┐рддреН рдХреНрд╡рдЪрд┐рджрднреНрд░рдВ рдХреБрд╣рдЪрд┐рджреНрд░рд╕рд╛рддрд▓рдореН ред
рдордиреБрдЬрд╛ рджрдиреБрдЬрд╛: рдХреНрд╡рдЪрд┐рддреН рд╕реБрд░рд╛ рджрджреГрд╢реЗ рдХрд┐рдВ рди рддрджрд╛ рддреНрд╡рджрд╛рдирдиреЗ рееренрее
р┤Хр╡Бр┤╣р┤Ър┤┐р┤жр╡Нр┤╡р┤ир┤ор┤Вр┤мр╡Бр┤зр┤┐: р┤Хр╡Нр┤╡р┤Ър┤┐р┤др╡Н р┤Хр╡Нр┤╡р┤Ър┤┐р┤жр┤нр╡Нр┤░р┤В р┤Хр╡Бр┤╣р┤Ър┤┐р┤жр╡Нр┤░р┤╕р┤╛р┤др┤▓р┤В .
р┤ор┤ир╡Бр┤Ьр┤╛ р┤жр┤ир╡Бр┤Ьр┤╛: р┤Хр╡Нр┤╡р┤Ър┤┐р┤др╡Н р┤╕р╡Бр┤░р┤╛ р┤жр┤жр╡Гр┤╢р╡З р┤Хр┤┐р┤В р┤и р┤др┤жр┤╛ р┤др╡Нр┤╡р┤жр┤╛р┤ир┤ир╡З ..7..
ЁЯТм [Translation failed: Invalid source language tag: At]
рдХрд▓рд╢рд╛рдореНрдмреБрдзрд┐рд╢рд╛рдпрд┐рдирдВ рдкреБрди: рдкрд░рд╡реИрдХреБрдгреНрдардкрджрд╛рдзрд┐рд╡рд╛рд╕рд┐рдирдореН ред
рд╕реНрд╡рдкреБрд░рд╢реНрдЪ рдирд┐рдЬрд╛рд░реНрднрдХрд╛рддреНрдордХрдВ рдХрддрд┐рдзрд╛ рддреНрд╡рд╛рдВ рди рджрджрд░реНрд╢ рд╕рд╛ рдореБрдЦреЗ реереорее
р┤Хр┤▓р┤╢р┤╛р┤Вр┤мр╡Бр┤зр┤┐р┤╢р┤╛р┤пр┤┐р┤ир┤В р┤кр╡Бр┤и: р┤кр┤░р┤╡р╡Ир┤Хр╡Бр┤гр╡Нр┤ар┤кр┤жр┤╛р┤зр┤┐р┤╡р┤╛р┤╕р┤┐р┤ир┤В .
р┤╕р╡Нр┤╡р┤кр╡Бр┤░р┤╢р╡Нр┤Ъ р┤ир┤┐р┤Ьр┤╛р╡╝р┤нр┤Хр┤╛р┤др╡Нр┤ор┤Хр┤В р┤Хр┤др┤┐р┤зр┤╛ р┤др╡Нр┤╡р┤╛р┤В р┤и р┤жр┤жр╡╝р┤╢ р┤╕р┤╛ р┤ор╡Бр┤Цр╡З ..8..
ЁЯТм [Translation failed: Invalid source language tag: Yashodaa]
рд╡рд┐рдХрд╕рджреНрднреБрд╡рдиреЗ рдореБрдЦреЛрджрд░реЗ рдирдиреБ рднреВрдпреЛрд╜рдкрд┐ рддрдерд╛рд╡рд┐рдзрд╛рдирди: ред
рдЕрдирдпрд╛ рд╕реНрдлреБрдЯрдореАрдХреНрд╖рд┐рддреЛ рднрд╡рд╛рдирдирд╡рд╕реНрдерд╛рдВ рдЬрдЧрддрд╛рдВ рдмрддрд╛рддрдиреЛрддреН реерепрее
р┤╡р┤┐р┤Хр┤╕р┤жр╡Нр┤нр╡Бр┤╡р┤ир╡З р┤ор╡Бр┤Цр╡Лр┤жр┤░р╡З р┤ир┤ир╡Б р┤нр╡Вр┤пр╡Лр┤╜р┤кр┤┐ р┤др┤ер┤╛р┤╡р┤┐р┤зр┤╛р┤ир┤и: .
р┤Ер┤ир┤пр┤╛ р┤╕р╡Нр┤лр╡Бр┤Яр┤ор╡Ар┤Хр╡Нр┤╖р┤┐р┤др╡Л р┤нр┤╡р┤╛р┤ир┤ир┤╡р┤╕р╡Нр┤ер┤╛р┤В р┤Ьр┤Чр┤др┤╛р┤В р┤мр┤др┤╛р┤др┤ир╡Лр┤др╡Н ..9..
ЁЯТм [Translation failed: Invalid source language tag: In]
рдзреГрддрддрддреНрддреНрд╡рдзрд┐рдпрдВ рддрджрд╛ рдХреНрд╖рдгрдВ рдЬрдирдиреАрдВ рддрд╛рдВ рдкреНрд░рдгрдпреЗрди рдореЛрд╣рдпрдиреН ред
рд╕реНрддрдирдордореНрдм рджрд┐рд╢реЗрддреНрдпреБрдкрд╛рд╕рдЬрдиреН рднрдЧрд╡рдиреНрдирджреНрднреБрддрдмрд╛рд▓ рдкрд╛рд╣рд┐ рдорд╛рдореН реерезрежрее
р┤зр╡Гр┤др┤др┤др╡Нр┤др╡Нр┤╡р┤зр┤┐р┤пр┤В р┤др┤жр┤╛ р┤Хр╡Нр┤╖р┤гр┤В р┤Ьр┤ир┤ир╡Ар┤В р┤др┤╛р┤В р┤кр╡Нр┤░р┤гр┤пр╡Зр┤и р┤ор╡Лр┤╣р┤пр╡╗ .
р┤╕р╡Нр┤др┤ир┤ор┤Вр┤м р┤жр┤┐р┤╢р╡Зр┤др╡Нр┤пр╡Бр┤кр┤╛р┤╕р┤Ьр╡╗ р┤нр┤Чр┤╡р┤ир╡Нр┤ир┤жр╡Нр┤нр╡Бр┤др┤мр┤╛р┤▓ р┤кр┤╛р┤╣р┤┐ р┤ор┤╛р┤В ..10..
ЁЯТм [Translation failed: Invalid source language tag: At]